I'm sorry and experience that illuminates Navy culture. Um, I would say
it's classic, and I'm pretty sure everyone experiences is this is
Ah definitely would have to say, returning from a deployment say onboard
like any any ship after a long period out of C. Uh so the general
excitement among the crew and you know each other's It just kind
of raises morale because you know you're going home. You know, everyone's
kind of walking on like Cloud now, like the last couple of days,
and it's almost like a kid going to Disney World for the first time
the night before. It's like that kid and sleep is just so excited
to read to go home. You know, you're just ready to see your family
and friends. And, uh, that culture just kind of hits its peak the day
off when everyone is putting on their dress whites. So the dress blues
and we're getting already and pressed and everything is nice and,
you know, you finally hear the the man the rails called on the one
EMC, and that's how you know it's like you're going home. And I think
that that culture kind of hits it hits its peak at that time toe
where you're putting import and you and all your 300 of your closest
friends are going home for the first time in seven or eight months
on. And I think that just kind of, you know, that just sums up like
Navy culture, right?